what's up everybody this is Wade Marek
from one parallel universe here with
another figure review and today I'll be
reviewing the brand-new Marvel Select
Disney Store exclusive Hulkbuster Iron
Man figure and it says that it's a
Disney Store exclusive but you could
also get it from Marvel shop comm and
I'll put a link in the description for
you and here he is in the packaging
right along the side it says Iron Man
Hulkbuster has the Disney Store symbol
here at the bottom has a little bit of
artwork
there's no accessories so it just shows
the figure on the side there's a little
bit more artwork on the back it shows
the figure even though it isn't accurate
because as you can see it shows two open
hands and the figure actually has one
open hand and one fist and here on the
side there's not too much to see and
let's take a look at the articulation
for such a big figure he has a really
nice amount of articulation his head
does not move at all I really wish it
went back and forth his shoulder pads
are on these hinges that allow it to go
up and make it so he could bring his arm
all the way up his shoulder is a ball
joint and he has upper bicep schools
he has single jointed elbows and his
elbow also has a swivel so he could
bring him back and forth his wrist is on
a ball-joint
so you could get a lot of nice movement
out of that he has the torso joint that
allows him to go side to side
and a little bit forward
and also a little bit back so you can't
get too much movement out of that joint
but for such a big figure it gets a
decent amount his hips are on ball
joints and it allows his legs to come
all the way up like this and it also
allows his legs to come out a little bit
but the weight of his leg brings it down
right away
he has upper thigh swivels and single
jointed knees and his knees also have a
swivel
he has ankle pivots that are on a ball
so they go up and down and they turn all
the way to the side like this and that's
about all the articulation he has and I
think it's a good amount for such a big
figure I don't think you really need a
double jointed knees or elbows
I do wish that his head went back and
forth or had some kind of movement kind
of sucks that it just stuck like that
but it's not a big deal now let's look
at some comparisons here he is next to
the age of Ultron Marvel select Hulk and
as you can see Hulk is a lot bigger than
Iron Man which is too bad because I feel
like Hulk Buster Iron Man kind of tower
over Hulk or at least be the same size
as him here he is with the Marvel
Legends age of Ultron Hulk and as you
can see he fits in a lot better with him
which kind of sucks because it's cool
that he fits in with Marvel Legends but
it's really too bad that he's too small
to fit in good with Marvel Select
figures and here he is next to Marvel
Select Unleashed Hall and as you can see
this Hulk is just a lot bigger than him
and all the Marvel Select Hulk's are
pretty much the same size so they're all
going to be bigger than him and here he
is next to whole classic smart Hulk and
I think he looks really good next to him
so his size isn't a deal breaker or
anything is still a really good figure
but he's probably just gonna be hanging
out with Marvel Legends instead of
Marvel's legs here he is next to Bucky
cap from Marvel Legends and the figure
arts Iron Man mark 43
and he looks really good next to those
guys and here he is compared to the old
toy biz Hulkbuster iron man and in my
opinion the Marvel Select one is a lot
better than that one I know a lot of
people love the old one I really love
the old one but this one's gonna replace
it easy as you can see the sculpt is
really nice there's a lot of really
crazy details on there you can see all
this uh hydraulics and hardware in the
back and it's really nicely painted
there's a lot of nice detail there's
some more nice details down here the
paint is a really nice shiny red and
shiny gold it looks really really nice
up front here you could see some more
hardware some screws and things like
that I'm not really crazy about this
open hand like this I wish you would
have come with interchangeable fists or
something like that but it's okay it
doesn't look too bad I was really
excited when I heard the Marvel Select
was gonna do a whole buster Iron Man and
I think a lot of other people were too
and in my opinion I think they did a
really good job other than a few minor
flaws like I wish his head can move I
wish that the hand was different and I
wish that it was a little bit bigger but
other than that I think they did a
really good job and I'm really happy to
have them and for the price you won't be
able to beat this figure there's other
hulkbusters coming out like the figure
arts one that'll cost you 500 bucks or
the Marvel legend one that'll cost you
like 150 dollars to complete and this
one's only like 30 bucks it's it's well
worth it it's a it's a really great
figure so so that's my review thank you
very much for watching make sure to
check out cool toy review calm and
please subscribe and like and thank you
very much peace